# Rationale for Group 2 Assignment 2

After reading the comments professor and fellow classmates gave us, we have realized that there are some things that we missed and there were some trivial details that we put too much emphasis on when we create the model. Thus, based on the comments made by professor and fellow classmates, along with the TA's advice, we have made some changes to refine our motor pool model to fulfill the system requirements of tracking borrowed vehicles as well as monitoring how well the "Using Vehicles" policies are respected at the University of Kentucky.

After our discussion, we have made 5 major changes on our model.

**The first is to combine entity classes which clearly can be described as one entity.** With the guidance of classmates' and professor's comments, we noticed that the 'Van Driver' and 'Driver' are not two stand-alone classes, and they can be combined to form one entity class named 'Driver'. The class 'Van Driver' is not significantly different from the 'Driver' class except the fact that van drivers need to take a safety training course and pass the test, which means that the entity class needs an attribute to record test results. This fact can be easily represented by introducing an attribute about driver type and another about passing the test or not. Therefore, we decided to remove the 'Van Driver' and the 'Training Result' entity classes and add them as two attributes to the 'Driver' class instead.

**The second is to add important attributes and delete the unnecessary ones.** In our original model for assignment one, we did not include identifier attributes for almost all the entity classes, and this time we make sure that we have added a unique identifier attribute (called PRIMARY KEY in database terminology) for every entity class to distinguish different instances of the same class. Also, when we firstly created our model, we left out certain attributes which can provide information about accidents related to UK-owned vehicles. Therefore, we have added more specific attributes like 'Driver’s License Number' and 'Vehicle Plate' to the entity class so that it would be easier to identify the driver and the vehicle of an accident. Moreover, for the entity class 'Insurance', we had the same mistake which made us fail to express our intent that the class 'Insurance' is about general insurance information, not about specific instances. Thus, attributes about specific information were removed and for constitution of a general insurance policy were added. As for the 'Department Administrator' entity class, considering there can be multiple administrators with each belongs to one department, we added 'Employee ID' and 'Department ID' as attributes to distinguish them.

**The third is to remove unnecessary entity classes and change the way of expressing the name of an entity class to avoid confusion.** Taking into account the suggestion of a fellow classmate, we added the full name of 'UK' so that readers will understand what we refer to when using this abbreviation. Additionally, we removed the entity classes 'Administration Department' and 'Driver Information Agency' due to the fact that in our model, they only have relationship between themselves but contribute very little to the entire system which aims to keep track of vehicles borrowed from the University of Kentucky motor pool.

**The fourth is to update existing relationships’ domains, codomains, arities and cardinalities.** In professor's comments on our assignment one, he mentioned that the cardinality of the relationship 'Drives' should not be 1-to-1, since during a period, a vehicle can be driven by multiple drivers and a driver can drive multiple vehicles. Professor's comments have made us realize that our previous understanding of cardinality is incorrect, and we have corrected the cardinality of the relationship 'Drives' and paid extra attention on our remaining relationships' cardinalities. Moreover, we found that our choice of certain codomains needed to be reconsidered. After revising the motor pool documents, we noticed that a motor vehicle insurance covers a vehicle instead of an accident, and a department administrator approves the MVR file filled out by a driver rather than the driver himself/herself. This process encourages us to better understand the documents and implications hidden inside of them, which also gives us a chance to get a fresh eye from the old documents.

**The fifth is to create relationships that help describe major activities in the system.** In assignment one, we did not capture some important relationships among the entity classes that can help form a clear view on the whole system. During discussion, we noticed that we did not have a flowing relationship chain of what would happen after an accident involving a UK-owned vehicle during the process of carrying out university business. This is a major part in the whole system that involves many entities that require us to make modification. We revised the motor pool documents and finalized the steps to be followed after an accident, and we have created relationships such as 'Writes' and 'Reports' based on these steps. Another major activity is a department administrator processing documents such as VARs and insurance claims to help drivers get compensations. Therefore, we created a relationship named 'Processes' that involves three entity classes to better describe it.

After conducting this analysis, our group has gained a deeper understanding of this system. We believe that we should modify the model so that it can better fit the system requirements, and professor as well as our fellow classmates have truly helped us a lot by providing precious opinions on the model that we were not able to notice in the first stage. Many changes have been applied to our model, and we think that it is overall a better one with a clearer structure, more detailed descriptions as well as more concise classes' attributes. Above all, when finishing this analysis, we not only have furthered our understanding of the entire system but also have practiced our diagram drawing skills, which make us realize the importance of the role these diagrams plays in visualizing the system as a whole. However, we could not have done that if we had failed to grasp the whole picture of this system, which is where the documentation of the previous assignment and all our classmates' and professor's suggestions come into picture.

## IS561 Group Assignment 2 Instance Rationale
While making this instance level diagram, we considered an instance where a driver who is eligible to drive a vehicle of the University of Kentucky, drives a vehicle, and meets an accident while driving the vehicle. The diagram represents the various entity classes playing an active role and how they interact with each other for this particular instance. Some edges represent the relationships, whereas some of them are responsible for indicating the entity class that an instance belongs to.
<br>
We came across the most challenging part in this diagram when we realized that RDFs do not support n-ary relationships, i.e. relationships that are connected to more than two entity classes and one of our relationships, called "Processes" is a ternary relationship, connected to three entity classes: Vehicle Accident Report, Claim and Department Administrator. We found an article on the "Best Practices" forum on the W3 Consortium website which provides a workaround for such cases. The pattern 2 in this particular article matched perfectly with what we needed and hence we made an individual vertex in the RDF to represent the "Processes" relationship. The functional property is applicable for all the edges between Processes and its connected entity classes. It indicates the inclusion level for each entity class, where someValuesFrom refers to partial inclusion and allValuesFrom refers to complete inclusion.
