For assignment 4, we worked together frequently to complete the task at hand. We
met as a group 4 times to go through the prompt and try to understand what was
being asked of us. Our group meet ups were both online and in person. We
brainstormed together and decided on the best solution to have before emailing
the professor and asking what was wrong with our initial approach. We deduced
the relationships for the Motorpool assignment based on what was provided in the
UML. Through the UML, we created domain, co-domain, class(sub-class,
super-class). We opened the OWL file in prodigy and created all the classes
based on the UML. Since the classes weren’t defined initially, we created these
classes, and the relevant relationships based on the UML in Prodigy. We deduced
that the relationships between business activity and the employee by defining
the chain axion for the insured for relationship (or property). The chain axiom
was deduced by the approved by and supervise classes.

For the second task, we first thought to create a new class called
“insuredactivity”, but since we weren’t allowed to create new object properties,
we did not find a way to link the new class to the existing classes. We went
through and watched the relevant lectures from start to finish so that we could
a better grasp on the concepts that were needed to complete Group Assignment 4.
We eventually came up with a rationale to justify the selection of insuredon
relationship between business activity and MVR, the employee fills the MVR
release form and in-turn is covered by the insurance. Thus, we are considering
the MVR class to be involved in providing coverage to the business activity as
well, since the employee travels on the business activity. Concluding that the
business activity is insured on the MVR (which in our assumption is the
insurance). Through our continuous revisions and discussions via email with the
professor, we created a sub-class called “Verified Employee” for the class
Employee. This is for instances of employees who has filled up MVR form, and has
the “insuredfor” relationship with class Insured Activities which is a subclass
for entity class Business Activity. 

For the third task, we confirmed whether or not Group 2’s definition makes
bizactivity designated driver employee a (via the inverse). We communicated with
group 2 through the Moodle chat portal and on Github as well. As an added
security measure, we communicated with other groups on Github through the
MotorPool repository called “Group Assignment 4.” We have also uploaded our
version of the OWL file for the other groups to check the OWL file and check if
their definitions are in agreement with our definitions.
